[grunt]
[ann] The ball is moving
at a tremendous speed
and with
incredible force!
[grunt]
[Ryo] Not even Tsubasa
was able to score on him
from that distance.
So you better forget it.
You won't be able
to do it either.
[laugh]
Not even Tsubasa?
[grunts]
-God damn you!
-Uh...
[Ken] Captain, why do you
insist on scoring
from that distance?
Kojiro, listen carefully.
What you are doing
is not worth of Team Meiwa.
What?
The Meiwa always
tries to score
no matter how difficult
it is.
But you, Hyuga...
You are obsessed
to strike stupidly
from outside
the penalty area!
That's now how
Team Meiwa plays!
What?
[grunt]
-Huh?!
-Calm down, Captain!
Takeshi...
[Kojiro]
I want to apologize to you.
-Huh?
If I get in,
the Toho Academy would
cover all of my tuition.
That's the reason why...
I want to win
this tournament.
But Toho Academy...
is also interested
in Tsubasa.
And that's why
I tried to score
from outside
the penalty area.
I really understand that
what I did was wrong.
Please, you guys,
I beg for your forgiveness.
Captain Hyuga...
I'll get one goal
from Genzo Wakabayashi,
no matter what!
That's Meiwa's
real style of play!
We'll win no matter what!
-That's the attitude!
-The Meiwa will be
the champion of
the national tournament!
[ann] The second half
is about to begin
and the players
are back on the pitch.
There are only
20 minutes
before the tournament
comes to an end.
Mom, the match
-already started!
-[laugh]
-[ann] Up 'til now,
-I know, dear.
Team Nankatsu is ahead
by one goal.
Will they be able to
keep the advantage
for the rest
of the match?!
Team Meiwa must score
against Nankatsu
before the second half ends.
Can they do it?
And now, it's time for
the second half kick off!
-[cheering]
-[narr] Episode 24:
Tenacity,
Definitely Tenacity!
[ann] We start
the second half,
and Nankatsu is
about to kick off!
Prepare yourselves!
Because now
you're about to see
the true power
of Team Meiwa!
Yeah!
Guys, go attack them
relentlessly!
[grunts]
[yell]
[ann]
Incredible!
Tsubasa and Misaki
are being attacked
by a barrage of
slide tackles!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[ann] Tsubasa and Misaki
can barely escape
Meiwa's slide tackles!
That's it, Meiwa!
You can do it!
-You can do it!
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
-[Roberto] Tsubasa...
[grunts]
[Kojiro] I don't care if you
commit a foul!
I want the ball!
Keep attacking them
- with all your might!
-[yelling]
Take this!
[grunt]
[grunts]
[ann] Meiwa is
suffocating Nankatsu.
They're attacking
from all angles,
and Tsubasa and Misaki
are trapped.
We are seeing
the ferocious attack
of Team Meiwa!
[grunts]
-[gasp]
-What is this?
They didn't play that way
in the first half.
-Take this!
-Ah!
-Tsubasa!
-[grunts]
[grunt]
[ann] Now Tsubasa has
possession of the ball!
[grunts]
[ann] But two players
are attacking him!
What will he do now?
[grunts]
[ann]
Incredible!
Tsubasa
miraculously reacts
and avoids
a double slide tackle.
That's how it's done,
Tsubasa!
Tsubasa, watch out!
-Huh?!
-[grunt]
[ann] And now,
The Tiger
has possession
of the ball!
-[gasps]
-Yes, Captain!
Now it's our turn!
Everyone,
follow the Captain!
It looks like Meiwa's
now playing for real.
[ann] Team Meiwa's
now on the offensive.
This is a completely
different team
from what we saw
in the first half!
Don't let them get past you!
-No!
[ann] Hyuga approaches
at top speed...
but Nankatsu's defense
is ready to stop him!
[Kojiro] I'm counting
on you, Takeshi.
Wait, what?!
[ann] Wait!
What's this?!
Hyuga sends
a backward pass,
and now,
Sawada has the ball.
[Tsubasa]
What?
Hyuga's style
changed suddenly.
Now's the time!
[ann] Hyuga runs
at full speed
towards Nankatsu's
penalty box!
-[gasps]
-What is he doing?!
Come on! Don't let them
pass the ball!
I want you to mark
Sawada closely!
They won't take the ball
from me.
I won't let Hyuga
or the others down.
Everyone trusts me
to pass him the ball.
I'll pass it to him!
I won't fail!
I'll do whatever it takes!
Here, Captain!
[gasps]
[ann] Sawada threads
the ball through
three Nankatsu defenders
to Hyuga.
What an excellent cross!
It's mine now!
[ann] Hyuga's ready
to get the ball
and take a shot on goal!
[panting]
[grunts]
[ann]
But Wakabayashi
stops the shot
with his hands!
What a duel of
powerful force!
You won't be able to
stop me this time!
You'll see my true power,
-star goalie!
-[grunt] Huh?
[yell]
[ann]
The impact
- makes Wakabayshi fly
-[scream]
- with the ball in his hands!
-No!
Wakabayashi!
[scream]
[ann] He's heading
towards the goal!
-He did it!
-[gasps]
[panting]
[ann]
In... Incredible!
The goalie
stopped the ball
outside the goalline!
Despite the power
from Hyuga's shot,
he stopped a goal
from Team Meiwa
with his outstretched
right arm!
-How is that possible?!
-Is he okay?
That's it, Wakabayashi!
That was impressive!
But Hyuga shot from
inside the penalty box.
How'd he stop that?
[ann] Wakabayashi
has shown us once again
why he's called
super great goalie!
Even so, Team Meiwa
has improved
their attack
in the second half.
[sigh of relief]
[Takeru]
Hey, you stupid goalie.
-Huh?
-Why'd you stop it?!
[growl]
Don't you mess with
my brother like that!
-You hear me?!
-You're ugly!
My mom and my siblings
came to see me play today.
[fan 2]
Come on, Kojiro!
-You have to score a goal!
-Huh?
Come on, we came
all the way from Saitama
to support you!
It doesn't matter
how many times
that goalie stops
your shot!
You have to keep trying
until you win!
-Yeah!
-Ko-ji-ro!
-That's all my...
-All my friends came!
-Ko-ji-ro!
Kojiro.
Hey, guys!
Now it's our turn!
Go!
Wakabayashi...
I promise, the next time,
I will score!
[Shingo]
Yours, Tsubasa!
[ann] Nankatsu's captain
receives
a pass from Takasugi.
You can do it, Tsubasa!
-[ann] The Center Forward,
-[laugh]
Tsubasa Ozora,
is on the attack
and is heading full speed
toward the opposing goal.
Which play are we
going to see next?
[Mr. Mikami]
I'm very worried, Genzo.
This is the first time
you've played
after your injury.
But Hyuga's shot
have forced your body
to tense up greatly.
It's like you've played
ten consecutive games
with no rest.
Takasugi...
go up a little further!
[gasps]
[Tsubasa]
Sawada's shot...
made Wakabayashi
use his injured leg
to try to stop it.
I won't let you defend
by yourself!
We have to help Genzo.
We have to score again,
Taro!
Yes!
You won't get past us!
Here goes!
[ann] Tsubasa passes it
to Izawa.
- Tsubasa and Misaki
-[gasps]
streak down the sidelines,
leaving Meiwa
completely vulnerable
to Nankatsu's attack!
Good idea!
If Tsubasa and Misaki
stay separated,
they can't mark them
like last time.
Everyone, listen carefully!
I don't care what
you have to do!
You must get the ball,
and then pass it to me!
I'm going to score
the winning goal!
-Right away, Captain!
-[chuckle]
Hyuga...
[Ms. Hyuga]
My son...
We'll defend the goal
and we'll take the ball
from them!
We'll do it,
no matter what it takes!
And then, we'll pass
the ball to Captain!
[ann] Here comes Taki
down the sideline.
Let's see if Nankatsu
can get past
Meiwa's defense.
-[yell]
-[scream]
[ann] Ishii from Meiwa
makes a great slide tackle
to take the ball!
-Huh?!
[ann] But Nankatsu
recovers the ball
thanks to Misaki's
cat-like reflexes,
the genius number 11.
There's no doubt
this young man
is an excellent player!
I'm open, Taro!
Cross it to the center
when you're ready!
Of course.
[ann]
It seems Tsubasa's
calling for
the cross pass...
and runs quickly
to the net.
[Takeshi]
He's planning something!
I have to take it...
before he sends it
to the middle!
[ann] Misaki's about to
pass it to Tsubasa...
- but wait!
-[yell]
Sawada from Team Meiwa
slides to take the ball!
Huh?
[gasp]
[ann]
But it didn't work!
Misaki's able to
send the pass
at the last second!
I'm sorry!
[groan]
Tsubasa!
Huh?
[ann] The ball is
in the air,
heading toward the goal!
Do whatever you want.
I'll stop you guys!
[gasp]
[ann]
What's this?
Tsubasa runs at full speed
to the right goal post!
I see!
This is part of your plan!
[ann] Goalkeeper
Wakashimazu
runs toward
the opposite goal post!
[Ken]
You won't get it before me!
-[gasp]
-[gasp] That's ours!
[Masao] Exactly,
that's our special shot!
[gasps]
[ann] Tsubasa
tries to replicate
the Tachibana Twins'
special shot once more,
by using the goal post
to push himself up,
and jumping to take
a shot from the air!
Will he be able to score?!
[grunt]
[ann] Meiwa's goalie
also runs
and jumps
to stop the ball!
[gasps]
[ann] This will be an aerial
battle between Tsubasa
- and Wakashimazu.
-[yelling]
[grunts]
-[grunt]
[ann] And the goalie
has the ball!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[groan]
I kept the promise I made,
Captain.
And now, it's your turn
to score a goal for us!
Everyone, get back, quick!
Huh?
[groan]
[Ryo]
Tsubasa!
-[groan]
-[Ryo] Misaki!
[ann] It seems
Nankatsu's stars
suffered leg injuries,
and can't move!
- This is a very big problem
-Taro!
- for Nankatsu!
-Tsubasa!
- And Meiwa
-[gasp]
are not letting up!
[ann] Now Hyuga
has the ball!
Don't let him get close.
I want you to mark
Hyuga now!
He can't get close
to the net!
-Okay!
Wakabayashi...
I won't stop
until I score a goal!
You won't be able to
stop me!
Guys, we have to
follow the Captain!
-Yes!
[groaning]
[Takeshi]
Misaki...
Uh...
[Kojiro] I've always done
things by myself.
And I thought everyone else
was my enemy.
Listen up,
we have to stop Hyuga!
But now I know...
that I'm not alone!
Why did you stop there?
If you don't come,
I'll go after you!
What?!
[grunt]
What is he doing?
[ann] Hyuga just
passed the ball.
This is something
we don't see very often.
What is Meiwa
planning now?
-[smirk]
-[gasp]
Meiwa...plays together!
[pant]
We won't lose
possession of the ball!
[grunt]
[grunt] And we'll help
the Captain!
-[panting]
-[Mr. Kira] Very good!
The team is in sync
with Hyuga!
[Kojiro]
Coach Kira has pushed me
to be the player I am now.
Yeah! Come on!
[Kojiro]
And people from other cities
- came to support me.
-Yeah! You can do it!
[grunt]
Don't let Hyuga
come close to the net!
You're not getting past us,
you hear me?!
Ishii, pass the ball!
-[grunt]
-Oh!
[ann] Sawada has
the ball!
It's clear that
Team Meiwa
has changed
their playing style!
Oh, shoot!
We're counting on you,
Takeshi!
[Kojiro]
Thank you, Takeshi.
If it weren't for you,
I wouldn't have realized
how mistaken I was!
It's yours, Captain!
You're an excellent player.
You always pass me the ball,
and predict exactly
where I'll be.
[ann] Sawada passes
to Hyuga!
Meiwa's captain
receives the ball
and he's in a favorable
position to shoot it!
[gasps]
I have to score...
for Mom...Takeru...
Naoko...for Masaru...
and for me!
I will not let them down!
[ann] The Tiger
blasts a shot on goal!
Genzo, you can't stop it!
Wakabayashi!
[yell]
[ann] And the star goalie
blocks the shot
and the ball
hits the post!
You're going to pay
for that!
[grunt]
Clear the ball!
Don't let him shoot again!
[grunts]
[yelling]
[ann]
Goal for Meiwa!
Hyuga finally scores
with an excellent header!
[Kojiro]
I did it.
[grunt]
[cheering]
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
-[cheering]
-Yeah! All right! Yeah!
[ann]
Team Meiwa
-ties the match,
-I knew you could
- despite an incredible
-do it, Hyuga!
- effort from Wakabayashi!
-You're the best, Kojiro!
He couldn't stop
- Hyuga's determination
-Yay, good job, Big Brother!
and his wonderful header!
That was an excellent goal,
Brother!
-[panting]
-[ann] What a great play!
After five tries,
Hyuga The Tiger finally
managed to beat Wakabayshi,
and score the tying goal!
[smirk]
You did it, Captain!
-Yeah! All right!
-We tied the match!
-Yeah!
-What a goal!
-[laugh]
-[growl]
[grunts] Oh no!
Thanks for all the support.
-Excellent job, Captain.
-You did it!
Just when the defense
was about to clear the ball,
you kept fighting
and risked yourself
to score a goal.
[Kaori] You truly are
a ferocious tiger.
Captain Hyuga,
your forehead's bleeding!
Huh?
Are you okay?
It's only a scratch.
It's nothing.
Listen up, Meiwa!
Now let's score
the winning goal!
-Yes!
-Yes, Captain!
Huh?
[Takeshi]
Misaki...
Oh shoot, my leg!
-It hur--
-Tsubasa!
Are you all right, Tsubasa?
Don't worry about me.
I'm fine.
[ann] It seems Tsubasa
has a leg injury,
but he doesn't want to
leave the pitch.
[groaning]
Misaki...are you all right?
[ann]
Misaki can't stand up.
Hmm...
[ann] His leg is bleeding
and it doesn't look good!
Uh...
[chuckle]
Now it's quite clear.
Victory will be ours.
[ann] While they
attend to Misaki,
Nankatsu will have to
continue with ten players.
Now they will
kick off again.
Okay, guys,
now we're tied!
Don't get down
on yourselves.
Keep attacking!
-Yeah!
-Yes!
[whistle]
Listen up!
Go for the ball,
and then pass it to me
so I can score!
-Yes!
Here, Tsubasa!
-[grunts]
-[ann] Teppei Kisugi
passes the ball
and now Tsubasa has it,
and is still injured!
Can he get past
the defense?
[panting]
[grunting]
[ann] Tsubasa
gets by easily,
as if he's not injured!
[Roberto]
That's not true.
Tsubasa's movement
is much slower than before.
His injury is serious.
[pants]
[ann] Hyuga waits
as Tsubasa approaches!
[Kojiro]
You won't pass me!
[Tsubasa] I won't let you
take the ball, Hyuga!
[grunts]
[ann] And the two captains
fight for the ball!
[gasps]
[grunt]
[grunts]
-[grunt]
-[scream]
[ann] And Hyuga winds up
with the ball!
[scream]
[ann] The force of
the impact
sends Tsubasa flying!
[scream]
Normally, Tsubasa
would've stopped Hyuga,
so that means...
Tsubasa is also injured!
[ann] Meiwa's captain
aggressively heads toward
Nankatsu's goal!
[Genzo] Now that they're
both injured...
it's my obligation
to stop Hyuga's shots!
-[Genzo] Go and mark them!
-[growl]
-Yes!
Here, Sawaki!
[ann] Hyuga passes
to his teammate Sawaki,
and he's all alone
against Wakabayashi!
Take this, goalie!
[grunt]
[wince]
[groan]
-[ann] What's this?!
-[gasps]
Wakabayashi can't move!
[grunting]
[ann] But he's able
to miraculously
deflect the ball!
- Corner kick for Meiwa!
-[panting]
-Wakabayashi!
-[gasp]
[groaning]
[ann] No! The goalkeeper
Wakabayashi,
just like Tsubasa
and Misaki,
is injured, too!
This can't be!
I thought he had
completely healed!
[ann] Goalkeeper
Wakabayashi,
Midfielder Misaki,
and Center Forward
Tsubasa...
have suffered
the same injury!
It now seems
the scale has tipped
in favor of Team Meiwa.
So let's see
what happens next.
Tell me.
Are you all right?
Yes...
I'm fine.
I just tripped, that's all.
Listen up, guys,
now it's our time
to finish out the match!
Yes, Ishizaki.
We've always depended on
Tsubasa, Misaki,
and Wakabayashi.
That's why we're
now injured!
It's time to show Meiwa
who we really are!
-Yeah!
-Yes, Ishizaki!
-That's right!
-Now it's our chance!
Nankatsu is
a well-balanced team!
[Ryo]
Come on, Nankatsu!
We can do it!
-Yes, we can!
-Oh, my friends...
[ann] There are
eight minutes left
in the second half.
Team Meiwa has
a corner kick.
Now is their chance
to score the go-ahead goal.
-Come on, Meiwa!
-You can do it!
[grunt]
-Me!
-There's no way!
[ann] Hyuga and
Wakabayashi
go after the ball!
[groaning]
[ann]
But the goalie
- can't move!
-No, Genzo!
The ball is mine!
[ann] Hyuga jumps
in order to
head the ball on the goal!
[grunt]
[groaning]
-We won't let you score!
[grunts]
[ann] Ah,
Izawa and Takasugi jump
and block Hyuga!
It's an aerial battle!
Move away!
[grunts]
[ann] Nankatsu clear
the ball from danger.
They were able to
stop a goal this time!
-Good job!
-All right!
Really good play, you guys!
My friends...
And you, Coach,
I'm begging you,
please hurry up!
Uh, yes!
But his injury is serious!
Playing with it
isn't a good idea.
[ann] Misaki's been vital
to Nankatsu's defense!
Even with his injury,
they are defending well!
[grunts]
[ann] Despite Meiwa's
aggressive play,
Team Nankatsu
has blocked passes
directed toward
Hyuga very effectively.
-We won't let you...
-...score a goal!
Tsubasa, Misaki...
...and Wakabayashi are
depending on us!
-We can't...
-...let them down!
-We will protect them!
[gasp]
Oh, my friends...
[ann]
Up 'til now,
Tsubasa hasn't even
moved a finger.
Perhaps his injury
is so bad
that he can't play?
What will happen to
Nankatsu's captain?!
[Taro]
Tsubasa.
What a shame!
I really hope his leg injury
isn't too serious.
Even if it were,
Tsubasa would never give up
with an injury like that.
Most likely,
he is planning something.
[Jun]
Isn't that right, Tsubasa?
[grunts]
[ann]
Look, everyone!
Hyuga finally receives
- a pass inside the box!
-No!
He's going to shoot!
I will stop you,
even if I break my leg!
[grunts]
Take this!
[yell]
[groaning]
-[ann] I can't
-Ishizaki!
- believe it!
-Ishizaki, no!
Ishizaki blocks
-Ishizaki!
the shot with his face!
What a great defense
by number 14!
[panting]
[chuckle]
How do you like that,
Hyuga?!
How...
How dare you say that?!
[ann] Just like a soldier
near a grenade,
Ishizaki jumps toward
the ball
and protects his team
- with a lot of courage!
-Careful. You're incredible!
- He's a true hero
-I'm your fan!
- in today's battle!
-Hard headed guy.
[chuckle]
-You're the best, Ishizaki!
-[laugh]
Keep playing hard!
[ann] Ah!
It seems star player Misaki,
Nankatsu's number 11,
has recovered from injury.
And now,
he returns to the pitch!
[Mr. Misaki]
Taro...
You're back, Misaki!
Calm down, Tsubasa.
I know what I have to do.
Don't worry.
Huh?
I'll go get the ball
for you,
I promise you that!
Misaki...
Oh...
[Tsubasa]
I see now.
Now that we're injured,
we can't play defensively,
either.
But now...
I have complete confidence
in my teammates.
Up to now...
Team Meiwa has focused
on their offense,
not defense.
That's why now I need
my team to pass me the ball
so I can score a goal!
This time,
I'll defeat Wakashimazu.
Although my leg
is injured...
I know that I can score
the winning goal
for Nankatsu!